Update BBEs for AccessLog Improvements (#5504)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-access-logs/http_access_logs.md

# HTTP service - Access logs

> Ballerina allows enabling HTTP access logs, which can be used to record the HTTP requests handled by the application. HTTP access logs are disabled by default. To enable them, set `console=true` under `ballerina.http.accessLogConfig` in the `Config.toml` file. The optional `format` field allows you to specify the format of the access logs, with options being `flat` or `json`, defaulting to `flat`. You can also optionally specify which attributes to log by providing a list in the `attributes` field. Additionally, the optional `path` field can be used to specify the file path to save the access logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina allows enabling HTTP access logs, which can be used to record the HTTP requests handled by the application. HTTP access logs are disabled by default. To enable them, set `console=true` under `ballerina.http.accessLogConfig` in the `Config.toml` file. Additionally, the path field can be used to define the file path for saving the access logs, offering flexible log management. The log format can be specified using the optional `format` field, with `flat` and `json` as available options, defaulting to `flat`. Furthermore, you can customize the logged attributes by listing them in the optional `attributes` field.
```

> Ballerina allows enabling HTTP access logs, which can be used to record the HTTP requests handled by the application. HTTP access logs are disabled by default. To enable them, set `console=true` under `ballerina.http.accessLogConfig` in the `Config.toml` file. Additionally, the path field can be used to define the file path for saving the access logs, offering flexible log management. The log format can be specified using the optional `format` field, with `flat` and `json` as available options, defaulting to `flat`. Furthermore, you can customize the logged attributes by listing them in the optional `attributes` field.

Reviewer 2: I would leave the previous sentence as is.

> Ballerina allows enabling HTTP access logs, which can be used to record the HTTP requests handled by the application. HTTP access logs are disabled by default. To enable them, set `console=true` under `ballerina.http.accessLogConfig` in the `Config.toml` file. Additionally, the path field can be used to define the file path for saving the access logs, offering flexible log management. The log format can be specified using the optional `format` field, with `flat` and `json` as available options, defaulting to `flat`. Furthermore, you can customize the logged attributes by listing them in the optional `attributes` field.

Reviewer: Fixed via [cab5906](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/5504/commits/cab590687da6adbbd2a6be2d6c211a32d74568fe)
